7 Ingredients for 12 inch pizza:
1/2 kg Chicken boneless
1 cup Cream
1 tbsp Red chili flakes
1 tsp Red chili powder
Salt to taste
1 tbsp Ginger garlic paste
1 tsp Lemon juice
2 tbsp Oil
Ingredients for pizza sauce:
1/2 kg Tomatoes (blanched)
1 tbsp Garlic (minced)
2 tbsp Oil
1 tbsp Oregano (dried)
1 tsp Thyme (dried)
2 tbsp Tomato paste
1/2 tsp Basil (dried)
1 tbsp Red chili flakes
Salt to taste
Ingredients for pizza dough:
1/2 kg All-purpose flour
1 tbsp Yeast
2 tbsp Oil
1 tbsp Sugar
Luke warm water (for kneading)
Ingredients for fajita topping:
Mozzarella cheese as required
Cheddar cheese as required
Green capsicum as required
Onion as required
Ingredients for supreme topping:
Olives as required
Capsicum as required
Onion as required
Mushroom as required
Sweet Corns as required
Cheese as required
Directions for dough:
In a bowl mix flour, yeast, oil and sugar. Gradually add water and knead sticky dough.
Cover it with cling and set aside for 30 to 40 minutes until double in size.
Divide the dough in to two parts.
Directions for chicken:
In a bowl add chicken, chili flakes, chili powder, salt, ginger garlic paste, lemon juice and oil.
Mix and marinate it for 20 to 30 minutes.
Then in a pan heat oil and cook chicken until fully cooked.
Directions for pizza sauce:
Blanch tomatoes for 4-5 minutes, peel skin, then add in a blender and blend until you get a smooth paste.
In a pan heat oil and sauté garlic in it for a minutes.
Then add tomato puree, oregano, thyme, tomato paste, basil, chili flakes and salt.
Now cook it on medium low flame for 8 to 10 minutes until oil separates and sauce gets thick.
Assembling:
Now take one feet long pizza mold brush it with oil and spread pizza dough on it.
Then spread pizza sauce evenly, add chicken and cheddar cheese on top. Prick the dough.
Then on half side of dough sprinkle capsicum and onion.
And on other half sprinkle olives, capsicum, onion, mushroom and corn.
On top add mozzarella cheese layer. Brush sides with oil, sprinkle oregano and bake it.
Bake in a preheated oven for 15 to 20 minutes at 180 degrees.
Your pizza is ready to serve.

