1 dhansak masala:


1 tsp Coriander seeds
2 tbsp Chili flakes
10-15 Black pepper corn
1 Star anise
3 Green cardamom
5-6 Cloves
1 tsp Cumin seeds
1 tbsp Fenugreek leaves (dried)
Ingredients for dhansak:
1/4 cup White lentil
1/4 cup Red lentil
1/2 cup Yellow lentil
1/4 cup Split chickpeas
500g Mutton
1 cup Onion (sliced)
1 tbsp Garlic chopped
1 tbsp Ginger chopped
1/2 cup Oil
1 cup eggplant (cubes)
1 cup Pumpkin (cubes)
1/2 cup Potato (cubes)
1 cup Fenugreek leaves (fresh)
1/2 cup Tomato puree
2 Bay leaf
2 tbsp Mint leaves (fresh)
Water as required
3-4 Green chilies
1/2 tsp Turmeric powder
1 tsp Red chili powder
1 ½ tbsp Dhansak masala
Salt to taste
1 tbsp Butter melted (for garnish)
Directions for dhansak masala:
Dry roast coriander seeds, black peppercorn, star anise cardamom, cloves, cumin seeds and fenugreek leaves (dried) in a pan.
Grind them in a grinder and add red chili flakes in it. Your dhansak masala is ready.
Directions for dhansak:
In a bowl of water sock split pigeon pea, red lentil, yellow lentil and split chickpeas for 4-5 hours.
In a large pot heat oil, add bay leaf, onion and cook until translucent.
Then add ginger, garlic, tomato puree and cook for 2 to 3 minutes.
Add mutton and cook for 5 to 6 minutes. Now add green chilies, turmeric, red chili powder and mix it well.
Add water as required and let mutton simmer on low flame for 40 to 50 minutes or until tender.
When muton is tender remove it from pan and set aside.
Now add socked lentils in the stock and mix well. Add pumpkin, potatoes, brinjals and salt and cook for 3 to 4 minutes.
Then add water, cover the lid and let it cook for 10 to 15 minutes or until lentils and veggies gets tender on low flame.
Add fenugreek, mint leaves in the pan and mix it well. Cover lid and let it cook for 10 more minutes on medium flame.
Turn off the flame, mash all the lentils and veggies, turn on the flame add dhansak masala in to the pot and stir well.
Add cooked mutton in it, mix it well and cook for another 4 to 5 minutes.
Top it with melted butter and serve with boil rice and kachumar salad.


